#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Description of the given problem
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The purpose of this document is to support the developement of a software
 that manages a car sharing services.
 The software that will be developed has the aim to make the reservation
 of cars simple and qick.
 So the system should provide users with real time information about avaiability
 of cars, and their positions.
 Cars will be parked in some pre-defined parking area, where user can directly
 get them afther the reservation.
 The service will be provide only to user that have made the registration,
 giving some personal information and data needed to the payment.
 The price of the ride is computed with a fixed amount of minutes, displayed
 by the car, and finally charged.
 To avoid useless reservation, where a user doesn't pick up the car, the
 system should be able to detect that after a fixed time, retag the car
 avaiable, and charge with a fee the user.
 Cars must be loked in the safe areas, and unlokable only by users that
 has made a reservation on them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Actors
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
These are the people that will be involved in the use cases of the software
 to be developed:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
GUEST: a person that hasn't made the registration to the service.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
USER: a person that has already registered to the system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
OPERATOR: an employee of the company that takes maintenance of cars and
 charging area.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Goals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The objectives of the software to be developed are the following:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[G1] Registered users must be able to reserve a car.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[G2] Registered users must be able to find car nearest to a specified position.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[G3] Registered users must be able to unlock their reserved car whene they
 are near tho that.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[G4] Induce users to keep a behavior that simplifies the cars maintainance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[G5] Operators must be able to do car mantainance, knowing their position
 and status.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
