#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\master RASD.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Scenario Identifyng
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Scenario 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align left
Paul, a businessman, has to go to Milan by train in order to participate
 to an important meeting.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

As the office where they have to meet is 5 km far (away?) from the railway
 station and taxis are too much expensive, he decides to use 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathit{PowerEnJoy}$
\end_inset

 from his smartphone.
 He notices, thanks to the map on the app, that there is a parking area
 next to the railway station with a lot of available cars.
 He then reserves one of these electric cars so that, as soon as he arrives
 there, he'll be able to reach the office very quickly and in a green way.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Scenario 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Paul is a students that goes to Politecnico University in Milan.
 He live in a city near Milan but unfortunately train's schedule is very
 prohibitive: he should wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning in order to
 arrive on time at the lecture that starts at 8:00.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

He found out about 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathit{PowerEnJoy}$
\end_inset

 from two of his friends in his city that attend to the same University.
 They decide to use together car-sharing service so they can have save much
 money using the two passegners discount.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Since their city is full of electric-car they every day make a reservation
 of a car and go to the University together.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

In this way they save money and also are much more comfortable in reaching
 the University.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Scenario 3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Paul has just learnt about 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathit{PowerEnJoy}$
\end_inset

.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

This evening he has to go to dinner with his girlfriend, Sarah, so he decides
 to try it.
 Then he downloads the app and looks for cars near his location.
 He finds many cars, he's about to reserve one of them but reservation is
 not permitted to guests.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

For this reason he has to sign up: following the application instructions
 he provides his personal informations, his driving license and he specifies
 his payment method.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

After that he's able to reserve the car for special occasion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Scenario 4
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Scenario 5
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Amy is driving an electrical car reserved with 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathit{PowerEnJoy}$
\end_inset

.
 As always she is very late today, and she notice that, if she want to arrive
 in time, she wont manage to bring the car at the station where it can be
 charged.
 So she decides to park the car as close as possible to her destination.
 After she has parked, the OPERATOR Jonathan, receives a notification on
 his maintenance service view, that tells where the car just left by Amy
 is, and that it is almost completely discharged.
 Now Jonathan can go take the car and make it again available for the next
 customer.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
