#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Overall description
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Product perspective
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this section the system boundaries are described.
 Are described the interfaces provided by external systems that the software
 to be will use to provide the required functionalities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Payment methods
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The software relies on external transactional system in order to administer
 in a good way the payment process and to be able to manage exceptional
 situations too (like users unavailability of money USERs).
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

So the system doesn't care about how the payments are done, but only that
 the USER has provided one of the payment methods defined in the assuption
 section.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Car technology
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The software to be will use the tecnologies provided by a system already
 present on cars, in order to carry out the needed actions.
 The used API provides a secure connection between cars and the central
 system via internet, and the following commands that the central system
 can impose on car:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Lock: locks the car doors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Unlock: unlocks the car doors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Get position: the car sends to the central system its position.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Get status: the car sends to the central system detailed information about
 his current status.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Operators, maintenance, malfunctions and damanges.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The cars availability depends heavily on the presence of a staff that does
 cars maintenance.
 So the sotware to be relies on the presence of the staff in order to guarantee
 availability of cars, and it will provide to operators information that
 helps the cars maintenance.
 Operators will manage damanges to cars and consequence for the responsible,
 so the system will only help the OPERATORs in maintenance, and guarantee
 a way to comunicate malfunction and damanges.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
