#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Functional role of the assigned class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
SOAPEventHandler class is a class responsible for managing soap events.
 It's the implementation of the Event Handler interface.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) is a protocol for exchanging structured
 information in a decentralized, distributed environment.
 It is XML-based and consists of three parts:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
An envelope that defines a framework for describing what is in a message
 and how to process the message
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A set of encoding rules for expressing instances of application defined
 data types 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
A convention for representing remote procedure calls and responses
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
SOAPEventHandler takes a series of service to call, a delegator and a dispatcher.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Parses the request and calls the dispatcher with the services to call.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The functional role of the class has been understood by looking at the JavaDoc
 and at the code and trying to understand the class logic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Init Method
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Initializes the handler.
 Since handlers use the singleton pattern this method should only be called
 the first time the handler is used.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
ServletContext parameter may be needed by the handler in order to lookup
 properties or XML definition files for rendering pages or handler options.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this class the context parameter is totally ignored but it's imposed
 by the init method of EventHandler interface.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Invoke Method
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This method invokes the web event.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Parameter event contains information about what to execute.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Parameter requestMap contains information about the request-map the event
 was called from.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Parameter request is the servlet request object.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Parameter response is the servlet response object.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This method returns the result code of the event (i.e.
 if the event has been done in a proper way or if some error happened).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
