#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
List of issues found by applying the checklist
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Naming Conventions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 All class names, interface names, method names, class variables, method
 variables, and constants used should have meaningful names and do what
 the name suggests.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 If one-character variables are used, they are used only for temporary “throwawa
y” variables, such as those used in for loops.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 Class names are nouns, in mixed case, with the first letter of each word
 in capitalized.
 Examples: class Raster; class ImageSprite;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 Interface names should be capitalized like classes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
5.
 Method names should be verbs, with the first letter of each addition word
 capitalized.
 Examples: getBackground(); computeTemperature().
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
6.
 Class variables, also called attributes, are mixed case, but might begin
 with an underscore (‘ ’) followed by a lowercase first letter.
 All the remaining words in the variable name have their first letter capitalize
d.
 Examples: windowHeight, timeSeriesData.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
7.
 Constants are declared using all uppercase with words separated by an underscor
e.
 Examples: MIN WIDTH; MAX HEIGHT.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
2.2 Indention 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
8.
 Three or four spaces are used for indentation and done so consistently.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
9.
 No tabs are used to indent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Braces
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
10.
 Consistent bracing style is used, either the preferred “Allman” style (first
 brace goes underneath the opening block) or the “Kernighan and Ritchie”
 style (first brace is on the same line of the instruction that opens the
 new block).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
11.
 All if, while, do-while, try-catch, and for statements that have only one
 statement to execute are surrounded by curly braces.
 Exam- ple: Avoid this: if ( condition ) doThis(); Instead do this: if (
 condition ) { doThis(); } 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
