#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Architectural design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
High level component and their interaction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Component view
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'm not inserting the image because of the diagram still needs a refactor
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Car proxy component
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Car proxy is the abstraction of cars in the server.
 It must be invoked by other internal subsystems that need information about
 cars physical status (real time informations), like position, battery life
 etc.
 This component absolutely doesn't care about information related to reservation
s or rides.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

The main purpose of this component is to request cars using their API, but
 its implementations should also guarantee that the systems working on cars
 don't have to support high amount of parallel request.
 In order to do that, car proxy will use the database, storing a physical
 characteristic related to the timestamp of the API call that has provided
 that information.
 When a request arrives, car proxy decides which data should be provided:
 the one got through the API call to the car, or the one stored in the database.
 If the stored data are sufficiently recent then they can be provided, otherwise
 it is needed to make the request.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

As it can be seen in the diagram, this component has a considerable fan-in,
 it could be necessary in future to make it scalable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Car monitoring component
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This component is substantially a daemon.
 It periodically asks to the car proxy component the informations that operators
 need to do car maintenance.
 If a damage has been detected, the notification component should be called,
 in order to communicate it to an operator.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Deployment view
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Runtime view
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Component interface
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Selected architectural styles and patterns
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
