#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Purpose
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This software design document describes the architectures and the system
 design of Power EnJoy.
 It's intended mainly for developers but it has a hierarchical structure.
 It completes the RASD and defines the component that led to the satisfaction
 of the goals previous defined.
 It starts from an high level description of the architecture and then it
 goes into detail.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

This document has to identify:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Architecture of the system
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Interactions between components
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Main algorithms of the system
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Scope
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
PowerEnJoy is a software that manages a car sharing service for electric
 cars.
 The aim of this software is to make simple and quick the reservation of
 cars.
 So the system should provide users with real time information about availabilit
y of cars, their status and their positions.
 Users, after the reservation, can directly get their car in pre-defined
 parking areas.
 The service will be accessible only to registered users, giving some personal
 information and data needed to the payment.
 The price of the ride is computed with a fixed amount of money per minute,
 displayed by the car, and finally charged.
 To avoid useless reservation, where a user doesn’t pick up the car, the
 reservation expires after a fixed time, the car returns available, and
 the user is charged with a fee.
 Cars must be locked in the safe areas, and only users that have made the
 reservation can unlock them.
 The software has to provide also management functionality for administrators
 and operators in order to ensure a simple managing of the system.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
//to improve
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
